Fog computing
In such a configuration, cameras delivering the video stream are mounted at the point of detection (on the road), and computing units - Terminals - perform processing of the video stream “on the spot”. The terminal is equipped with an industrial CPU computing computer of sufficient power, a local storage medium (e.g. SSD) allowing data buffering, and communication devices (e.g. modem) allowing communication with the central system. The terminal can also collect other data such as environmental information such as temperature, power voltage, etc. The CPU computer, network equipment and power supply system are placed in a telecommunications cabinet mounted near the detection site. The camera signal is fed to the cabinet via a digital connection (UTP cable, fiber optic).
Fog processing allows a significant reduction in the size of the data that is sent over the WAN. The terminal sends only selected information about detected vehicles and status data to the BackOffice system. The system configured in this way is immune to disturbances in the data transmission network - a break in transmission does not cause loss of vehicle information. Buffered data can wait for delivery to the headquarters even many days.
An additional advantage of local processing is the ability to efficiently fuse data from multiple sensors, such as processing the stream from multiple cameras and detection from the induction loop controller. In this situation, it is the Terminal that is responsible for properly merging sensor data and forming a measurement record representing a single vehicle.
An important feature of fog processing is the ability of the user to work directly on the terminal, without the intermediation of the central system. Through this, the user on access to data immediately - without the potential delay generated by data transmission connections. To work with the terminal, the user must use an additional computer and a WEB browser.
All data generated by multiple terminals ultimately goes to the BackOffice central system. From this system, the user (or an external system) has access to the complete set of data, both current and archive.