This chapter describes the basic types of data records generated by measurement devices and stored in the system. This information can be used, for example, to estimate the size of data to be ultimately stored on storage media in the central system.
A detailed description of each of the data records presented can be found in the online documentation available free of charge at:
  https://gitlab.com/ncar-tools/04/api
 VehicleTrace
For each registered vehicle, the system generates a data record of type VehicleTrace . This record consists of a main element which is a detailed recognition result stored in the form of JSON .
  Property Value
  Type VehicleTrace
  Format TAR → JSON + JPEG’s
  Size 100 kB (estimated)
  Transfer up terminal → cloud
  Frequency for each detected vehicle
Example of metadata:
  {     "type": "VehicleTrace",     "version": "4.3",     "id": "VehicleTrace-20220629-122101-903-pl-wrokarkonoska-bie-l1",     "time": "2022-06-29T12:21:01.903Z",     "vehicle": {         "class": 7,         "color": "silver",         "confidence": 96,         "country": "PL",         "direction": 1,         "maker": "bmw",         "model": "4",         "number": "DW 6C448",         "speed": 31.649284569475775     }, ... }
In addition to metadata, the VehicleTrace record also contains images:
 full - a photo of the vehicle (front or rear) in full resolution / dimensions provided by the ANPR camera,
 thumb - reduced photo of the vehicle (front or rear) - multiple reduction of the photo full ,
 front - close-up / photo “cutout” of the vehicle on the basis of which recognition of category, manufacturer and model version was made
 plate - photo of a cut-out license plate,
 adr - (optional) picture of a cut-out ADR plate for vehicles transporting dangerous goods.
The metadata (JSON) includes, in particular:
 information about the position and dimensions (x,y),(s,w) of the front of the vehicle in the image - the image of the front of the vehicle allows, for example, to identify the class, manufacturer and model version,
 information about the position and dimensions (x,y),(s,w) of the license plate - and the plate is then used to recognize its contents,
 information about the position and dimensions (x,y),(s,w) of each character,
 all recognized variants of the license plate, along with the indicated confidence level of a given variant,
 the result of recognizing each character together with the confidence level of this recognition,
 the result of recognizing the other features of the license plate, along with the confidence level such recognition.
 Attention
 Depending on the system configuration, the content of the data record may be reduced, for example, only to metadata or may not include some images. Similarly, depending on the configuration and properties of the camera, the image size may differ from the values given above.
 CameraViews
The CameraViews measurement record contains a camera image taken at a specific time, which is transmitted from the camera to the central system for preview purposes. The size and quality of the transmitted image can be adjusted; the following parameters were adopted as standard:
  Property Value
  Type CameraViews
  Format TAR → JPEG (color) + JSON
  Dimensions 1280 × 720 px (for HD camera)
  Quality 70%
  Size 120 kB (estimated)
  Transfer up camera → cloud
 CameraRecording
The CameraRecording measurement record contains the video recording from a given camera, in the form of a MP4 file compressed with H.264 compression. The parameters of the video stream can be configured according to your needs.
  Property Value
  Type CameraRecording
  Format TAR → MPEG4 (color) + JSON
  Dimensions 640 × 360 px
  Quality 2 fps, H.264 MPEG-4 AVC
  Size 2.0 MB / 2 min (estimated)
  Transfer up camera → cloud (optional)
  Frequency every 2 min
 Attention
 Creation of CameraRecording measurement records is disabled by default.
 Status
The Status measurement record contains detailed information about the status of the terminal (camera) at a given time, stored as JSON metadata.
  Property Value
  Type Status
  Format TAR → JSON
  Size 10 kB
  Transfer up camera → cloud
  Frequency every 5 min