 Functions
  Function Description Quality 1
  Detection Detection of the vehicle in the image – the entire front (or rear) of the vehicle must be visible, with the entire license plate legible. It is also required that the tilt angle of the plate, i.e. the angle between the base of the plate and the horizontal edge of the image, be no greater than ±25°. Up to 32 vehicles in a single image are detected. ≥ 95%
  Registration number Recognition of the license plate number for all detected vehicles – the number must be human readable, the height of each character in the plate must be in the range of 16÷96 pixels, the plate must come from one of the known countries 2 . The recognition result is a string of letters and numbers (UTF-8 encoding), separators (except spaces) and other special characters are ignored. ≥ 95%
  Country Recognition of the country of origin of a vehicle on the basis of the shape and content of the license plate – for all vehicles with a recognized license plate number. The country of origin is determined in the form of the corresponding two-letter code ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 . The plate must come from one of the known countries 2 . ≥ 95%
  Category Assigning to each vehicle with a recognized license plate one of the following categories: 3 - truck, 5 - bus, 7 - passenger car, 10 - motorcycle 4 , 11 - lgv (< 3.5t). The evaluation of the quality of categorization applies to vehicles for which it is possible to recognize the class manually (for the front view). The quality for the rear view of the vehicle may be lower than indicated. ≥ 95%
  Maker Vehicle maker recognition involves attaching a text label with the manufacturer’s name (e.g. “bmw”) to each vehicle with a recognized license plate. Brand recognition is possible for vehicles for which manual recognition is possible (for front view, in daytime conditions or at night, but with appropriate lighting). The assigned label is one of about 140 values from the included database. ≥ 95%
  Model Recognition of a vehicle model involves attaching an additional text label with the model version designation to each vehicle with recognized brand. Model recognition is possible for vehicles for which recognition is possible manually (for the front view, in daytime conditions or at night, but with adequate lighting). For vehicles for which model recognition is not unambiguous, the label may contain the names of multiple model versions separated by | . The assigned label is one of about 1900 values from the included database. ≥ 70%
  Lane Assigning a vehicle to a lane is an optional functionality and occurs when the user adds information about the location of lanes in the analyzed image to the analysis – by indicating a dividing line. The user can indicate no more than 3 dividing lines (4 lanes). –
  Image The software interprets the input image given in JPEG or PNG format - 24 bits/pixel (RGB) or 8 bits/pixel (gray). The maximum dimensions of an image that can be sent for analysis is 2432×2048 pixels. –
  Speed cameras The software has a special mechanism that supports the recognition of photos from speed cameras that use a flash and a prism. In such photos, the license plate is overexposed (unreadable in its original location), and recognition of the plate’s contents is possible from a photo shifted by a set distance. –
  The value tested on a sufficiently large sample of randomly selected images, at a confidence level of 0.95, according to a dedicated quality assessment procedure. In the test, each vehicle is treated as a separate event in the random sample.
  At the same time, plates from the indicated countries in the region are recognized - by activating the appropriate regional package, for example, the EURO package contains 48 countries from which vehicles travel in Europe. See also - variants.
  The list of labels available at any given time for a make and model is provided by the program developer. This list changes with subsequent updates.
  A motorcycle can be detected in the image, however, it will not have a recognized license plate, country of origin, manufacturer and model version. For this reason, motorcycles are not taken into account when evaluating quality parameters.